README.md, before:

# LuCI support for LLDP daemon

## Description
This package allows you to control LLDPd and view discovered neighbors by LLDPd
in LuCI web interface.

## Dependencies
Package depends on lldpd package.

LLDPd LuCI application developed for LuCI 18.06 branch. For OpenWrt/LEDE 17.01
use old luci-app-tn-lldpd [version 1.0.0].

Starting with [version 1.2.0], in order for all available settings to work correctly,
you must use the modified procd initialization script for lldpd, that can be founded
in [meta-tanowrt](https://github.com/tano-systems/meta-tanowrt.git) OpenEmbedded layer.

## Supported languages
- Russian
- English

## Screenshots

### Status

#### Discovered neighbors
![Discovered neighbors](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-status-neighbors.png?raw=true "Discovered neighbors")

#### Local interfaces statistics
![Local interfaces statistics](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-status-statistics.png?raw=true "Local interfaces statistics")

#### Local chassis information
![Local chassis](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-status-chassis.png?raw=true "Local chassis")

### Settings

#### Basic settings
![Basic settings](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-settings-basic.png?raw=true "Basic settings")

#### Network interfaces settings
![Network interfaces](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-settings-interfaces.png?raw=true "Network interfaces")

#### Advanced settings
![Advanced settings](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-settings-advanced.png?raw=true "Advanced settings")

#### Protocols support
![Protocols support](screenshots/luci-app-lldpd-settings-protocols.png?raw=true "Protocols support")

[version 1.2.0]: https://github.com/tano-systems/luci-app-tn-lldpd/releases/tag/v1.2.0
[version 1.0.0]: https://github.com/tano-systems/luci-app-tn-lldpd/releases/tag/v1.0.0

Commit message:

Convert to client side JS
Signed-off-by: Anton Kikin <a.kikin@tano-systems.com>

README.md, after:

# LuCI support for LLDP daemon

## Description
This application allows you to configure LLDPd and view discovered neighbors and statistics over LuCI web interface.

## Dependencies
This LuCI application requires the installed lldpd package with customized procd initialization scripts, which can be founded in the recipes of the OpenEmbedded layer of the [TanoWrt Linux Distribution](https://github.com/tano-systems/meta-tanowrt).

Master branch of this repository requires latest LuCI revision with client side rendering feature. Support for older LuCI releases (e.g. for version 18.06.x, 19.07.x) is left in the [1.x](https://github.com/tano-systems/luci-app-tn-mstpd/tree/1.x) branch of this repository.

## Supported Languages
- Russian
- English

## Supported (tested) LuCI Themes
- [luci-theme-tano](https://github.com/tano-systems/luci-theme-tano) ([screenshots](#screenshots) are taken with this theme)
- luci-theme-bootstrap
- luci-theme-openwrt-2020
- luci-theme-openwrt

## Screenshots

### Status

#### Discovered Neighbors
![Discovered Neighbors](screenshots/luci-app-tn-lldpd-status-neighbors.png?raw=true)

#### Local Interfaces Statistics
![Local Interfaces Statistics](screenshots/luci-app-tn-lldpd-status-statistics.png?raw=true)

### Settings

#### Basic Settings
![Basic Settings](screenshots/luci-app-tn-lldpd-settings-basic.png?raw=true)

#### Network Interfaces Settings
![Network Interfaces](screenshots/luci-app-tn-lldpd-settings-interfaces.png?raw=true)

#### Advanced Settings
![Advanced Settings](screenshots/luci-app-tn-lldpd-settings-advanced.png?raw=true)

#### Protocols Support
![Protocols Support](screenshots/luci-app-tn-lldpd-settings-protocols.png?raw=true)

[version 1.2.0]: https://github.com/tano-systems/luci-app-tn-lldpd/releases/tag/v1.2.0
[version 1.0.0]: https://github.com/tano-systems/luci-app-tn-lldpd/releases/tag/v1.0.0
